Add first part of TreeDataGrid docs (#1145)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/treedatagrid/render-mode.md

---
title: Render Mode
page_title: .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Documentation - Render Mode
description: Learn how to enable SkiaSharp rendering of the Telerik .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid on all platforms.
position: 4
slug: treedatagrid-render-mode
---

# .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Render Mode

> The .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid is rendered differently depending on the target platform&mdash;on Android and Windows it uses the SkiaSharp library and on iOS and MacCatalyst by default it uses native elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid is rendered differently depending on the target platform&mdash;on Android and Windows, it uses the SkiaSharp library, and on iOS and MacCatalyst, it uses native elements by default.
```

With the `RenderMode` property you can enable SkiaSharp rendering on iOS and MacCatalyst:

> * `RenderMode`(`DataGridRenderMode`)&mdash;Defines how the content of the TreeDataGrid is rendered: using the defaults or via SkiaSharp. The available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `RenderMode`(`DataGridRenderMode`)&mdash;Defines how the content of the TreeDataGrid is rendered: using the default platform-specific rendering or SkiaSharp. The available options are:
```

>     * `Default`&mdash;Sets the rendering mode of the DataGrid content to the default. The default rendering mode is determined by the platform. On Android and WinUI, the DataGrid is rendered with SkiaSharp. On iOS and MacCatalyst, the TreeDataGrid is rendered with the iOS <a href="https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uilabel" target="_blank"><code>UILabel</code></a> and <a href="https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiview" target="_blank"><code>UIView</code></a> primitives.

Reviewer: DataGrid ->TreeDataGrid?

>     * `SkiaSharp`&mdash;SkiaSharp is used for rendering on all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `SkiaSharp`&mdash;SkiaSharp is used to render the TreeDataGrid on all platforms.
```
